
The Game class contains the main menu, which brings up the main screen with the "New Game" and "Instructions" 
options. Upon clicking "New Game," a new Render Frame object is created. There are two components to the Render Frame: 

1. The actual game, encapsulated by the Renderer object. 
2. The decorated bar on the side, telling you your score, an instance of the SideBar class. 

The Renderer sets up the display. It also instantiates the GameMatrix and GameLogic. The GameMatrix keeps track of  
all the pieces in the game, helps detect collisions, and helps visually render the game matrix onto the screen. The GameLogic 
class provides a centralized location for various game constants, such as the penalty for using the undo button, or the amount 
of points awarded for finishing a level, or how much faster the pieces fall when finishing a level.

The Shape interface ensures that all the various "shapes" used in the game will follow a standardized convention - they will have
draw, rotate, and translate methods. Furthermore, these methods will all accept the same input format (same parameters, etc.). This way, 
even from the Game Matrix, which is keeping track of various pieces, in order to draw the whole matrix, all that has to be done is call the 
draw command. 

The most basic Shape is the Cube. The cube is passed coordinates for its center, and the length of a side. The coordinates for the center are important
for rotation and translation purposes. Since OpenGL requires you to enumerate all the vertices of an object, the Cube serves as the building block
for the rest of the pieces. The Cube's draw method actually tells OpenGL which vertices to draw. This is good because we don't have to worry about 
vertices for the other pieces -- we just tell the Cubes they are comprised of to draw themselves. 

The Piece class also implements Shape. The Piece class represents a more complicated piece, one that the user will have to put into the game matrix
to win the game. This is the piece that is slowly falling onto the board. It could be a cube if you are lucky, but will often be a more complex
shape. A Piece is essentially a Collection of cubes. I chose to use an ArrayList because, in the future, I might want to have pieces in which each
cube has a special property (a cool feature, one might say), and in which the order of the cubes matters. I might also want to allow duplicate cubes in the same piece. 
Though I haven't implemented these features yet, I may at some point in the future. 

The Piece also maintains a 3D array. Each spot in the array contains either a 0 or a 1. If the index contains a 1, a cube is rendered there. If not, 
no cube is rendered. The reason I chose to implement a 3D array "template" was to make rotations and translations easier. When I want to rotate the 
Piece, I rotate the 3D array indices and then rebuild my set of Cubes to be rendered. 

This all works out nicely in the Game Matrix. The Game Matrix must detect collisions to know when a piece can't move further down. It must be 
able to stop the player from rotating or translating the piece out of the matrix. To detect collisions due to translation, 3 parameters, representing 
the translation vector are passed. Using this information, the matrix can figure out if there is a cube already stationed where the piece is trying to go. 
If this is the case, the translation is nullified. For rotation, we tell the falling Piece to give us the list of cubes that would result if we were to rotate
the piece. If this new list causes collisions, we don't rotate the piece. Otherwise, we allow the pieces to rotate. 

Finally, the "Undo" functionality is simple enough. The Undo button is a stack of the collection of cubes. Every ßtime the player 
successfully lands a piece, that collection of cubes is pushed to the stack. When the user hits undo, the stack is popped and the 
topmost collection of cubes is removed from the game matrix. 

And that's it!

Summary of Data Structures: 
1. The actual Game Matrix uses a 3D array to keep track of where the pieces are. 
2. The Piece class uses a 3D array as a "template" to make rotating easier. 
3. The Game Marix classes uses a Stack to keep track of undo actions. 
4. Each Piece is represented as a Collection of Cubes.
5. The cube itself is a "data structure" of sorts, calculating and storing the vertices necessary to render more complex shapes.  
